improve event format description of m.room.encrypted events (#2413)
matrix-org/matrix-spec: content/client-server-api/modules/end_to_end_encryption.md

their list of supported messaging algorithms, must list a Curve25519
device key, and must publish Curve25519 one-time keys.

> The content of an event encrypted using Olm has the following format:

Reviewer: How about something like:

```suggestion
The content of an [`m.room.encrypted`](#mroomencrypted) event using Olm has the following format:
```

Author: That's a very good idea! Applied in a692b7be8392a21477e269eb06f490f119a91bc3.

```json
{
  "content": {
    "algorithm": "m.olm.v1.curve25519-aes-sha2",
    "sender_key": "<sender_curve25519_key>",
    "ciphertext": {
      "<device_curve25519_key>": {
        "type": 0,
        "body": "<base64_encoded_olm_message>"
      }
    }
  }
}
```
Note that when the event is received from the server, it will have a `type`
(with a value of `m.room.encrypted`) and `sender` property alongside the

> `content` property. In `content`, `ciphertext` is a mapping from a device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`content` property. (See [Room event format](#room-event-format).)

Within `content`, `ciphertext` is a mapping from a device
```

maybe?

Author: For reference, this links to the [ClientEvent](https://spec.matrix.org/latest/client-server-api/#room-event-format) format. I'm not sure: Does that format also apply to to-device messages, which to my understanding are the main (or in practice, only) usage of Olm-encrypted messages?

Reviewer: Er, no. That doesn't apply to to-device events. I think I put this comment in the wrong place, and then failed to delete it when I moved it further down. Sorry for the noise.

> Note that when the event is received from the server, it will have a `type`

Reviewer 2: The commit description appears to be missing a word. Did you do what I always do and use backticks in a `git commit -m` command?

Author: Oh... yes I did. It was supposed to say "reorder explanation of `body` and `type`, avoid 'message body'".
Anything I can or should do about that now?

Reviewer 3: All PRs get squash merged, so the individual commits inside aren't important. The PR title is used as the final commit message

Devices that support Megolm must support Olm, and include
"m.megolm.v1.aes-sha2" in their list of supported messaging algorithms.

> The content of an event encrypted using Megolm has the following format:

Reviewer: again, link to the `m.room.encrypted` event type definition?

Author: Done in a692b7be8392a21477e269eb06f490f119a91bc3.

```json
{
  "content": {
    "algorithm": "m.megolm.v1.aes-sha2",
    "sender_key": "<sender_curve25519_key>",
    "device_id": "<sender_device_id>",
    "session_id": "<outbound_group_session_id>",
    "ciphertext": "<base64_encoded_megolm_message>"
  }
}
```
Note that when the event is received from the server, it will have additional
properties alongside the `content` property, including a `type` (with a value

> of `m.room.encrypted`) and a `sender` property. In `content`, `ciphertext`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of `m.room.encrypted`) and a `sender` property. (See [Room event format](#room-event-format).)

Within `content`, `ciphertext`
```

maybe?

Author: Similarly to above: will Megolm-encrypted events always use the [ClientEvent](https://spec.matrix.org/latest/client-server-api/#room-event-format) format, or could there be instances where the properties alongside `content` are different ones?

Reviewer: I'm not sure if the spec makes it explicit, but Megolm is only designed for use on room events, so in this case, yes such events *will* always use the ClientEvent format.
